blog/_src/posts/2016-04-29-welcome-to-the-prl-blog.md, before:

    Title: Welcome to the PRL blog
    Date: 2016-04-29T14:50:29
    Tags: about, 1st blog post, by Ben Greenman

Greetings, ground rules, hopes, dreams, and notes for contributors.
Welcome aboard.

<!-- more -->

Earlier this year, the Programming Research Lab (PRL) was blessed with a new
 postdoc: [Gabriel Scherer](http://gallium.inria.fr/~scherer/) from INRIA
 Paris-Rocquencourt, France.
Ever since Gabriel arrived things have been changing here in Boston.
We now have homemade bread on the first Tuesday of every month,
 [orange water](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_flower_water) crepes
 after holidays, and someone new to go out for bubble tea with in between.
All that and an enthusiastic colleague and researcher.

In his spare time between lobbying the CS department for an espresso machine and
 building multi-language compilers, Gabriel is also a champion of open access.
Hence this blog, a window into the life and times of PRL students made
 possible by Gabriel's tactical prodding and careful delegation of responsibilities.
Anything you might read about in a rejected conference paper or hear over
 coffee is fair game here: the goal is to give the wide world a glimpse of
 our lab and people.


## For Contributors

These pages are generated using Greg Hendershott's [frog](https://github.com/greghendershott/frog)
 static website generator.
To create a new post:

   1. Clone or fork the [nuprl.github.io](https://github.com/nuprl/nuprl.github.io) repository
   2. Check out a new git branch for your post
   3. Run `cd blog; raco frog -n "TITLE"` to build a template for a new post
   4. Add content to the new markdown file (under `_src/posts`)
   5. Rebuild the blog with `raco frog -b`, view your changes at `index.html`
   6. Send a pull request to the [nuprl.github.io](https://github.com/nuprl/nuprl.github.io) repo

An open pull request is the best place to ask questions about the formatting
or content of a post.
We promise that within a few days of opening a PR someone with push access will
reply with feedback or merge the request.

Contributions are open to anyone: current labmates, alumni, friends from the
 Racket mailing list, and even recovering C programmers.
One should have a strong connection to Northeastern or our research, but
 even that is not strictly necessary.
Visitors are always welcome to the PRL.

Commit message:

Add instructions to set up a local webserver

blog/_src/posts/2016-04-29-welcome-to-the-prl-blog.md, after:

    Title: Welcome to the PRL blog
    Date: 2016-04-29T14:50:29
    Tags: about, 1st blog post, by Ben Greenman

Greetings, ground rules, hopes, dreams, and notes for contributors.
Welcome aboard.

<!-- more -->

Earlier this year, the Programming Research Lab (PRL) was blessed with a new
 postdoc: [Gabriel Scherer](http://gallium.inria.fr/~scherer/) from INRIA
 Paris-Rocquencourt, France.
Ever since Gabriel arrived things have been changing here in Boston.
We now have homemade bread on the first Tuesday of every month,
 [orange water](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_flower_water) crepes
 after holidays, and someone new to go out for bubble tea with in between.
All that and an enthusiastic colleague and researcher.

In his spare time between lobbying the CS department for an espresso machine and
 building multi-language compilers, Gabriel is also a champion of open access.
Hence this blog, a window into the life and times of PRL students made
 possible by Gabriel's tactical prodding and careful delegation of responsibilities.
Anything you might read about in a rejected conference paper or hear over
 coffee is fair game here: the goal is to give the wide world a glimpse of
 our lab and people.


## For Contributors

These pages are generated using Greg Hendershott's [frog](https://github.com/greghendershott/frog)
 static website generator.
To create a new post:

   1. Clone or fork the [nuprl.github.io](https://github.com/nuprl/nuprl.github.io) repository
   2. Check out a new git branch for your post
   3. Run `cd blog; raco frog -n "TITLE"` to build a template for a new post
   4. Add content to the new markdown file (under `_src/posts`)
   5. Rebuild the blog with `raco frog -b`, view your changes at
      `index.html`. See `blog/README.md` if you want to set up a local webserver
      so that CSS and header links work in your environment.
   6. Send a pull request to the [nuprl.github.io](https://github.com/nuprl/nuprl.github.io) repo

An open pull request is the best place to ask questions about the formatting
or content of a post.
We promise that within a few days of opening a PR someone with push access will
reply with feedback or merge the request.

Contributions are open to anyone: current labmates, alumni, friends from the
 Racket mailing list, and even recovering C programmers.
One should have a strong connection to Northeastern or our research, but
 even that is not strictly necessary.
Visitors are always welcome to the PRL.
